Jiminy Christmas, that's annoying.
Testing 1, 2, 3, test!
Hopefully this is working now.
Always something here on the show.
Always something.
This should be a notebook.
This should be a blank screen.
Gosh darn it, that is so frustrating.
Always so frustrating.
Hang on to your pantyhose.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, watch Ruth.
All through this film, Ruth has been thinking, what can I possibly do that will amaze everyone?
I think she's come up with the answer.
Just keep your eye on her.
you
♪ Lost in the music ♪
I'm
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooley and I believe he's a consultant for CHD and I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
the the
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, good morning, good afternoon, good night, wherever you are.
We are here again at Giga Home Biological.
I hope you enjoyed the Frank Zappa opening.
Every once in a while you need a good cleanse and Don't You Ever Wash That Thing was the title of that sequence of music.
Some of the best ever recorded in America.
or by an American band.
Your consciousness is still that prime real estate that we're fighting for and I hope you're still fighting for yours and that of your kids.
I hope that you're still fighting for these truths to get out.
I'm starting my second cup of coffee.
I don't think coffee was the bad guy here.
There's a couple parts of that song, Hapazzo Girl, that are some of the best grooves that have ever been created live on a stage.
I'm telling you, if you have Spotify or something like that, look that song up and listen to it in headphones so you can understand.
There's two drummers that are ripping that up, too.
I don't know if you could hear that from the stereo sound or not.
I'm really excited about the show today.
I'm not going to...
I gotta try and keep a level head as I move through this one because it's going to be very easy for me to get too fired up about this.
I just want to be as objective as possible as we try to peel back this onion and try to learn our history before they erase it.
Try to take back the power from the charlatans that we inherited from our parents.
We don't want to pass this mythology on to our children.
And I think it's going to be a tricky needle to thread in order to make gentle the life of this world.
Their plan is to not make gentle the life of this world so that they can go from this chaos to a new kind of order.
And we're going to try to avoid that.
But it's going to be tricky.
and in America it's been a it's been a long we have a long history of a wave of lies being governed by a wave of lies and so if we're going to teach our children to see the wave and be able to surf their way back to shore safely
We're going to need to teach them the truth about biology, but also the truth about money and the truth about banking and the truth about real politic and the truth about vaccines, the truth about human rights and what human rights are or what they aren't.
And that's what I'm really excited about today.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you've been here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave.
And if not, you might be a person that needs to learn to stay focused on the biology, maybe needs help not taking the bait on TV and social media, and maybe needs to be reminded again, shown by example of how to love your neighbor.
The way this works is that people share the stream every week and a very few people have decided to subscribe to the channel either through Substack or my own website at GigaOMBiological.com.
Any way that you do share the work is very appreciated.
Every little bit helps.
At some point the threshold is going to be reached and there won't be any stopping this anymore.
I'm starting to see the activity on stream.gigahome.bio where we have an archive of everything and where you can also watch live if you don't want to watch on Twitch.
It's got a little bit more of a delay but other than that it's the same video and more importantly you're not on Jeff Bezos's
I think Twitch belongs to Amazon, doesn't it?
Anyway, we're trying to make a paradigm shift happen here.
We're trying to shift our understanding of not only the pandemic, but of how we've been governed.
And if we shift that correctly, our kids, by themselves, will drop their hands from their eyes, stop participating in the sustaining of this illusion, and start to engage and inform noncompliance just like we are trying to do.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Giggle and Biological.
Good morning, everyone.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Couey, and I come to you live as often as possible as I can from the back of my garage.
I gotta take a...
I don't want to be overly dramatic, but I'm a human just like you.
Sometimes I get nervous, sometimes I get a little excited, sometimes I just get a little nervous.
Today I'm a little nervous because I'm going to put a couple balls on the tee and take a swing at them that I haven't really done in the past.
And I'm going to introduce you to a couple things.
And I think there's a threshold that's being reached.
I don't want to get too excited about it.
They are just trying to run out the clock, right?
That's what they're doing.
They're running out the clock here.
I don't know if it's running out the clock to some catastrophe, disaster, crisis, nuclear weapon, cyber attack, or election.
But whatever they're doing, I feel like we have forced a few moves.
And so as a Friday show, I just wanted to cover a bunch of things and do a few things that I don't normally do, a bit more of a firehose kind of show.
I have garden fresh mint tea here, I've got coffee here, and I've got water down there.
And so we're just going to get to work.
One thing I wanted to show you I'm very excited about.
I've got two separate versions of Man and His Future.
One version is the original American first edition.
I don't think this book has ever been opened.
Really, and then I also got this English Version which I mean it's the same book It's printed all they're all printed by the same, but they have different title pages and this one is from a library I Wonder if anyone else has been able to acquire a book.
They're really sweet.
I think after I'm done
I don't know, admiring them and stuff, I'm probably going to send one to Mark.
I just, I've started to have a sort of affinity for old books now.
Since the start of the pandemic, I've taken the strategy of trying to get books that are pre
pandemic about a lot of these things.
And then you start to get, you know, I have, for example, a friend of mine, Tao, Tao in Norway, has the guy who brought these two books to my attention.
And these are extraordinary books.
because the ideas that are in these books are actually some of the ideas that are in these books.
And then you start to see that all these people were writing kind of the same ideas down.
Tragedy and Hope back there on the table is another one of those books where when you read it, and you got to read it again and again, I'm on my second read now of that book.
you just see that there are a lot of ideas that are very parallel in there.
And the original, the first chapter of this book is something that at some point, very soon, I think I'm gonna take the time to read aloud as a podcast or as a broadcast, because it's just so good.
And how they talk about how we need to move forward as a race, it's extraordinary.
And so,
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances.
Can you just test for me just to see what happens?
I'm going to do a transition right now, and I'm going to talk through it.
And I want somebody in the chat to tell me whether the audio cuts out during the transition or not.
Somebody was I've been trying to figure it out and when I recorded it's there, but some people say it's not So I'll start reading this and then I'm gonna transition over to the corner and you tell me whether this audio It's already lagging a little Anyone else have that problem?
I don't think it should be Give me a little sound check.
It's all good.
I
Yeah, okay, good.
So let's do this transition.
So intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Did you hear that all?
That was fine?
Did I lose that on anybody?
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and I can't do my weatherman thing.
RNA, all good.
Okay, great.
RNA cannot pandemic.
You know, so GigaOM Biological is the escape key that everybody needs.
And yes, that's really my keyboard here.
See it?
And it's really got that key.
You can actually order keys online with your own design for like a dollar.
So don't think it's like some kind of fancy thing.
I think I had to order three, so I paid $8.
It's extraordinarily cheap actually, but what you gotta know
is what first you got to have a keyboard that has those keys and then you got to know which row you're in which i didn't understand at first but each row has a different shape of key um it's subtly different and so you could put the wrong row there but it wouldn't match well anyway i digress
A couple days ago, we had on a guy by the name of Dan Cohen, and I really strongly recommend that you listen to that and ponder the ideas that we discussed there.
Not necessarily take them all on board and start sharing them with the rest of the world, but just take them on board for yourself.
That's what GigaOM Biological is most about.
It's about coming here and trying to be
sort of build up a habit of trying to learn something new every day and see a new way of understanding their illusion.
The spread of bad ideas is really what we are combating here and so yesterday we actually looked at a really interesting video
from the PBS NewsHour that featured a guy by the name of Chris Martinson, who just very like, I guess, eight months ago or so, was on a stream with Kirsch and Bridle and McKernan, talking about the DNA contamination and talking about what might or might not happen in Canada because the Canada Health people have admitted that it's in there and admitted that it's bioactive and it's SV40 and yada, yada, yada.
And I thought it was very interesting to remind everybody or show everybody that didn't know that Chris Martinson actually got a pretty amazing boost from nothing less than the PBS NewsHour before the pandemic, sort of promoting him as a guy who was aware that money comes from thin air and that's a problem someday.
And that's an interesting,
It's not an anecdotal data point.
It's a real big data point if you think about how also around that same time, people like Brett Weinstein were conspicuously placed in the public eye, running against the administrative powers of a small university and being allowed to speak in front of Congress about the pain that he suffered that resulted in his half a million dollar settlement with Evergreen.
So it's a very similar kind of pseudo promotion, a very kind of, you know, putting all the pieces on the board in place, giving them what appears to be legitimacy before the pandemic so that, you know, when you're following Chris Martinson and he says, wow, this could be a lab leak and they could be covering it up.
You're already on board with the Scooby-Doo because you trusted him.
He was, you saw him first on the PBS NewsHour.
And so it becomes very, very extraordinary.
And I think that if you listen to this gentleman here, I think you're going to find a very interesting set of things.
Let me just make sure.
I want to make sure I get this right here.
His name is Joe, and...
And I'm just going to say his name is Joe, because I guess his name is Joe.
But I'm already in contact with the Liberty Perspective.
The Liberty's Perspective is on Rumble.
He's only got 31 followers.
And if there's anything that you do today, I want you to go and go to Rumble and search for the Liberty Perspective.
You'll find that the top of his channel has a dark bell on it.
And it's just the Liberty Bell there in kind of an overly contrasted image.
And I want you to somehow subscribe to him if you can.
If you don't have an account on Rumble, I guess you can't, but I want to find a way to signal to this guy that he's being seen, you know, and I really think it's worth promoting.
I found it very interesting that he had this, he's got a series of videos that talk about the idea that the language that they use often signals what set of laws they are trying to
they are trying to promote.
And I did not see what he so eloquently shows in these couple videos, where there are people in place all around our health freedom movement that are promoting the UN.
Remember that one of the things that they said on the PBS NewsHour about Chris Martinson yesterday, why did that not work?
Oh, because I was looking at the
Cause I was looking at the, I'm going to, oh, I'm sorry.
I'm going to fail here.
Um, I want to go back one more.
Yes.
Um, the thing about Chris Martinson, when we watched it yesterday, it started right in the beginning that he was a consultant for the UN, a consultant for big corporations and non-governmental organizations alike.
Might've even said hedge funds.
So that's pretty extraordinary because we're really talking about a very small group of interests and people that are being propped up by weaponized piles of money in the background.
There's no way to explain how Chris Martinson, the dissident, is on the PBS NewsHour before the pandemic, except that he was there.
I mean, that's not...
That's not any, there's no other way to explain it any more than there's a way to explain how Alex Jones has been made to appear as though he's kind of legitimate again.
And then Robert Malone and, and, and, and Bobby Kennedy and, and, and Brett Weinstein all do interviews with him.
I mean, it's just crazy.
I don't know if Bobby Kennedy did, did he?
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I might've made that, that might've been, I might've made that up.
So the Liberty perspective, you can see a picture of CHD here behind me.
You can see Mary Holland there, and you can see Bobby Kennedy standing there.
And then you can see some clown in the background who looks like a giant that's holding his fist in the air.
I want to play this guy's video, because I think he's seen something that I haven't seen.
And I think it's really important for you to see it.
I don't know.
But anyways.
Get down through here.
We see this right here that all these judges are just thinking.
Oh, this is a grand old freaking this human rights shit It's taking over our freaking Constitution is just wonderful all this collectivism just freaking taking over our Constitution Just great.
You got expert presenters in here.
You got all these guys in here They're all
human and constitutional rights person, international law people, okay, NYU person, these are all NYU people, it's an NYU organization, okay, more human rights, human rights, human rights, global, global justice clinic, this is that guy from the, oh, and look who we have here, the coordinator, Mary Holland, research scholar and director, graduate lawyering program.
Isn't she, well, let's look down here.
Who's Mary Holland?
This is from the defender, Children's Health Defense, right?
Children's Health Defense puts out Mary Holland, JD, is the president and general counsel of Children's Health Defense.
I just seen her on, you know, you see her around.
They just had a big meeting down there about stuff that was going on.
Saw her on the Shannon Joy show, Shannon Joy.
You know, um,
But there's some things that piqued my interest on her, and I just wanted to dig into her, just to see who the hell she was, because some things that aren't jiving with me, as far as, she's supposed to be a medical leader in the medical freedom movement, okay?
She's calling things out here and there, but I don't know what it is, I just wanted to look into her, and I find out she's involved in all this human rights stuff, and I just wanted to show you what human rights are.
So here she is.
Okay, Mary Holland, President and General Counsel for Children's Health Defense.
She's been writing and advocating for better vaccine laws and policy, served on a faculty of NYU school from 2002 to 2019.
I saw somewhere where she was from either Harvard or Columbia too, but relatively, they got this, and she wrote a brief to the American
European Court, sorry, European Court of Human Rights by Mary Holland, okay, in Children's Health Defense.
March 19th, March 19th, 2020.
Relatively, quote, relatively few Americans realize that lawsuits related to human rights in Europe can ultimately be heard in international court.
Well, if you follow the philosophy through, all human rights laws can be held in international court under the, you know,
Universal Declaration of Human Rights says right in there, one of the articles, I can't remember which one, people have a right to an international order in which the human rights can be, you know, realized.
So in theory, it doesn't hold just for European humans, you know?
But anyways, thank you.
So... This is funny.
His dog.
Sorry, P. It's my dog growling at me.
Tony, I've been doing this for an hour, all right?
I'm sorry, P. Maybe you're a jerk.
Here you go, baby.
She gets sick hearing me talk about this shit, too.
But anyways, people must first file cases regarding individual rights in their home countries.
Children's Health Defense strongly supports the rights of individuals to make voluntary choices regarding vaccines.
Children's Health Defense brief cites the Nuremberg Code and the 2005 UNESCO Declaration on Bioethics and Human Rights.
Why would they cite UNESCO?
Ha!
I was wondering the same thing.
I mean, that's what I was wondering.
What the hell are they getting out of?
But anyways, they got this star down here.
We'll get to that in a second.
Okay, February 28th, 2020.
She...
She, uh, wrote an object, a request for amicus, uh, third party intervention, Mary Holland, general counsel and vice chair of children's health defense.
Okay.
Cool.
Vaccines are pharmaceuticals, pharmacological preparations capable of providing the body with acquired active immunity.
Okay.
Medical freedom movement.
We're up against the fricking,
massive public-private partnership pushing the narrative of pathogenic viruses or whatever which we need all these vaccines for and she's saying vaccines are for pharmaceutical preparations capable of providing the body with acquired active immunity by stimulating the production of antibodies against certain pathogens.
So she's pushing the narrative.
right out of the gate she's pushing the narrative yeah all this but you know they can and do provide immunity in some individuals but they are also known to be ineffective in some and cause injury and death in some compulsory vaccination violates fundamental human rights
Is she familiar with the collectivism behind with the human rights?
Is she familiar with the social contract theory, the collectivism and the social contract theory that says no right can be considered outside the context of the duties owed to society and that all rights are,
only yours only so long as they serve the collective, as they serve the society at large.
And that if the sovereign or the prince says that you should die, you should die.
It's Rousseau, you know, social contract right there.
But anyways, um,
Vaccines are pharmaceutical preparations capable of providing the body with acquired active immunity.
They can and do provide immunity in some individuals.
Pushing the narrative, man.
Pushing the narrative.
Okay.
This, this case involves the rights and health of individuals, families, and public.
I want you to note that in blue, individuals, families, and public.
This is her writing this.
The grand chamber must decide whether the Czech Republic's compulsory vaccination law exclusively for children complies with the European Charter of Human Rights.
Czech law, like similar laws in other countries.
What's going on here?
in other countries affects the right to life, the right to informed consent, the right to freedom of religion and conscious, the right to... I would just posit the question if anybody knows or was aware that Mary Holland, in her capacity as vice chair and chief or general counsel of CHD, was writing statements in the context of European law.
I wonder how many big funders of CHD understand that that's where her time and our money, their money is going, to writing statements which support UNESCO as a set of laws or ideals that we should all think about instead of working under the pretense that the U.S.
Constitution is the supreme law of the land.
adopting this language around human rights instead of our rights in America, the Bill of Rights, the constitutional rights.
Instead, we're talking about human rights, which is now a different, amorphous topic, which is now being defined by these people.
A limited spectrum of debate defined by what?
The European Union, the UN,
UNESCO is the UN, right?
So there's human rights are defined by the UN.
Your human rights laws can be tried in the international court.
So now, oh, wow.
What if I'm a human rights violator if I spread misinformation about RNA virology?
The UN could come after me then.
not trying to make up things here.
I'm just trying to show you where he is.
He is leading you to see what's going on.
They are not fighting for us.
They are participating in this theater, which legitimizes the who, legitimizes UNESCO, legitimizes referring to those things as being, you know, authorities or a collection of texts that needs to be understood.
And that's pretty extraordinary because I wonder if we can find any evidence of Mary Holland being a internationally skilled lawyer and with international law expertise.
I just, I don't know.
I think he's got something very big here and he's onto it in the right way.
And he's come to the sea, the alien from a completely, I mean, obviously this is not an academic biologist who's recovering from 20 years of having tried to get tenure.
This is a completely different dude, but he sees it exactly like I do.
Bodily autonomy, the right to education, parental rights, and the right to equal protection and the right to due process.
Thus, what appears on its face to be a simple balancing test between the individual and society is in fact extremely complex.
It's very hard to decide between individual rights.
Actually, it's made pretty simple by the collectivism because the balance between the individual and society and the collectivism that the human rights comes from, it simply says those individual rights are collective rights.
and they're only yours to the point that they benefit society at large.
As soon as- This is the real model of public health, exactly what Joe just said.
This is the model of public health that if you go back almost four years ago, we heard in several different videos, Tony Fauci's wife, Christine Grady, describe in detail.
a community health model, a communist health model, a societal health model, a public health model.
These are all the same.
Your duties to the society as a whole, you must protect them.
We have to weigh the individual rights with society.
You see, that's the argument that they want you to engage in.
that Meryl Nass wants you to engage in, that Mary Holland wants you to engage in.
They want you to actively argue about that instead of realizing that, wait a minute, before the pandemic, there was no debate about society rights or societal rights or societal needs versus the, in America, we don't do it that way.
I don't know how it is in Canada.
I don't know how it is in the UK.
I don't know how it is in the EU and the rest of those countries, but I know in America,
Technically speaking, legally speaking, we don't do it that way.
Individual rights are the thing here.
The liberty of an individual.
So it's very, very cool.
This is Joe.
This is the liberty perspective on Rumble.
I think you should check him out.
It benefits society that you, if it's been deemed by the planners that you need to get the jab.
AJAB, you need to get the JAB and you don't have a social contract.
You have a social contract responsibility to get the JAB.
You don't have a human right to not wear a mask if that's what's been deemed by the planners.
That's what's best for the collective, for you to wear the mask.
You don't have an individual collective right to not wear a mask if it's been deemed what's best for the collective.
Same goes for the JAB.
Same goes for anything else.
Yeah, they play all these fricking games in here making you think, oh, how wonderful fricking human rights are.
They get you to, see, human rights are the synthesis between our fricking real freedom and real rights and full-blown communism, okay?
While you give up your fricking individual rights and your liberty, okay, for the synthesis, the fucking thing is in the middle, which means you basically compromised
everything already, and now you're going to fight for these frickin' human rights over the full-blown communism they actually really are in the end anyways.
See?
He says it perfectly.
This case involves the rights and health of individuals, families, and the public.
What appears to be a simple balancing test between the individual and society is in fact extremely complex.
Convoluted is more likely.
I think convoluted would be a better word for that.
But anyways, to make voluntary choices regarding vaccines, the Children's Health Defense Brief, Cicenderenberg Code, and the 2005 UNESCO Declaration of Bioethics.
Bioethics in human rights.
And this is, I bring it down here, this is that bioethics in human rights.
I'll read you a couple quotes for it.
Remember, I'm pulling out some words in here, principles, ethics, values, social transformation, bioethics.
I'm pulling out different things in here and color coding them so that you can pick them out.
Okay, recognizing that this declaration is to be understood in a manner, this is what she cited.
This is what Mary Holland cited, okay?
Up here.
As a representative of children's health defense.
Recognizing that this declaration is to be understood in a manner consistent with domestic and international law in conformity with human rights.
In conformity with human rights.
Have you ever read the Universal Declaration of Human Rights?
You can't know what that sentence means unless you've read the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Recognizing that this declaration is to be understood in a manner consistent with domestic and international law in conformity with human rights law,
Recalling that the Constitution of UNESCO, adopted on 16 November 1945, considering UNESCO's role in identifying universal principles based on shared ethical values to guide scientific and technological development and social transformation in order to identify emerging challenges in science and technology, taking into account the responsibility
of the present generation towards future generations, and that questions of bioethics, which necessarily have an international dimension, should be treated as a whole.
All of them should be treated as a whole.
Nothing, no part of the context should be considered without the whole of the context.
Drawing on principles already stated in the Universal Declaration on Human Genome and Human Rights,
the International Declaration on Human Genetic Data and taking account not only of the current scientific context, but also future developments.
Okay.
This is what she was referring to there, that she cited.
Aware that human beings are an integral part of the biosphere with an important role in protecting one another and other forms of life, in particular animals, okay,
Where have we heard that before?
That's your collectivist One Health approach.
Okay.
She's literally citing that she's drinking the Kool-Aid on the One Health approach right there.
Recognizing that based on the freedom of science and research, scientific and technological developments have been and can be of great benefit to humankind in increasing inter-alien.
Don't know what that is.
Life expectancy and improving the quality of life and emphasizing that such developments should always seek to promote the welfare of individuals, families, groups, or communities and humankind as a whole.
That's right out of her Mary, Mary Holland.
individuals, families, and public, literally, almost verbatim, right out of that thing that she cited.
So she's showing she's drinking the Kool-Aid on this stuff.
Promote the welfare of individual, family, groups, and communities and humankind as a whole in the recognition of the dignity of the human person.
Doesn't this kind of sound like Russell Brand?
Constitution doesn't protect people, it protects persons.
Remember personhood?
and universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Again, you don't know what this human rights observance of human rights is unless you've read the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
I did a show on the difference between
I did a show on the difference between human rights and our natural, endowed by our creator, individual rights and liberty.
And you should really watch that.
I go down through it.
I show it through collectivist doctrine on how it's different.
So, if you want to look into this more, I go into how they're actually different even in more detail on that show.
You can look it up on the Liberty Perspective, you know, it's home site on Rumble.
And I'll show all my shows on that.
You can find it right there.
This guy's got to have more views, man.
It's got to happen, my friends.
Please get this guy more views.
Check this out.
So if we go over here to the, this is Man and His Future.
Hopefully I will not rip a page of this book on camera again, like I did with my old encyclopedia.
This is just taken out of The Future of Man, Evolutionary Aspects.
It is the introduction that's written by Julian Huxley.
I'm just going to read this paragraph here.
Of course, I could continue on, but there's a PDF that's available online, and I really profoundly urge people to spend a little time every day reading.
No more social media tidbits or whatever, but spend 20 minutes in the sun, on your porch, in your bedroom, in the morning before you look at a screen, have a book, and read something from it.
It doesn't have to be the same book all the time if you're not that way or you can't do it.
It just has to be an excerpt, something that gets your mind going with the written word, with the printed word.
The world has become a unit de facto.
Sooner rather than later, it must become a unit de jour, I don't, not sure, by submitting itself to a unitary system of self-government.
Since the human habitat is one and indivisible, its resources must be explored as a global whole.
And since thought knows no frontiers, the ideas of every kind are diffusing faster and faster all over the world's surface, demanding recognition, posing questions, generating conflicts.
And so I think you can imagine how this is going to describe how the control of information and ideas and the careful curation of them is going to be the way that they can achieve the goals that they want to achieve.
This is all the same, unfortunately,
It appears to be, from my perspective, all the same kinds of themes that are hidden in the background of these people that get promoted to the top of these places so that they are effectively sabotaged from doing anything useful and instead play a integral role in getting these ideas out there over the years.
And in fact, that document being written at the beginning of the pandemic in February and March of 2020 is very bad.
I don't know, but anyway.
So the question is, are we still in the car with them?
And the answer is, of course, yes, definitely we are.
And we are affecting the way that these performers behave.
They were already off script.
They were already responding to our work much more than I think we probably imagined.
And here is a wonderful example of how that's going.
This is Sasha Latapova, the mother of a
daughter who I believe, while she was a minor, had a YouTube channel with many hundreds of thousands of followers that was promoted before the pandemic by Alex Jones, who now claims to be a dissident who is opposing Robert Malone and getting in arguments with Lynn
Flynn on Twitter.
But these people were all part of the same traveling circus for a while in 2023.
So it's pretty dubious to me.
And it seems much more likely that these are simply manufactured rivalries, fake rivalries like, like, like, like, you know, World Wrestling Federation type stuff.
And it's interesting, because here's Sasha promoting the idea
that I guess bioweapons are made and deployed, biotoxins sprayed over the area.
This can be done by plane or drones, you know, because for the first year or so that she was visible, it was exclusively batch story.
She didn't have anything to say about RNA virology in general or gain of function being a mythology at all.
And in fact, a lot of the times that she's been touring the world, do you realize that this woman has spoken four times to the Coronavirus Investigational Committee in Germany?
Four times?
I mean, come on.
She's been everywhere, like on Shannon Joy a few times.
Like, this is not, this is just obvious at this stage that we're being played.
Just like it seems as though she let her minor daughter be used to play hundreds of thousands of people before the pandemic, which is really frightening to me as a parent.
And here she is now doing a little show together with Kevin McKernan.
but at the same time also doing a show where they disagree about stuff and argue about stuff.
And I believe that her job is to kind of absorb some pieces of the biology that we've been teaching with a kind of way of discrediting them with her other activity or just because of her record as a parent before the pandemic.
so that whenever they want to, they can torpedo anybody that's associated with her.
And in the meantime, she plays this role of, I don't know what, I guess somebody screaming over there while someone else is screaming over here.
And so she makes a lot of noise.
That's all she does.
And each time she makes noise, she makes a little more noise that seems to be related to our work.
A couple months, three months ago, she decided to finally, or rather her handlers, decided that it was okay or she needed to absorb the Giordano video.
At some point, she said clones was a great idea to me, just like Jessica Rose did.
But at a certain moment, they realized that that narrative that I was pushing was not a narrative where they released clones and then the clones went flying all around.
And that didn't work for them anymore.
So they had to torpedo me and their relationships with me.
And so this is what you see happening now.
This clown show will continue to go on and they will continue not to address the fundamental concerns that we have.
They'll just use some of the words.
They're not actually going to start to summarize all the points and connect all the dots.
I mean, that would be ridiculous.
But they need to get into a position, like she did two years ago, where she could get in front of Craig Pardecoper and take over the story of the different batches, just like she got in front of
Catherine Watt and her very detailed presentations about the legal traps that we're in and summarized it down to the DoD and Catherine Watt said it's the DoD.
And then getting really mad because she has Catherine Watt's, you know, I guess Catherine Watt has approved her representation of her on the internet because she herself is not on the internet and then claims that people are attacking her.
Let me make very clear, Sasha Latapova, if she's an American citizen, she's also a traitor.
And the evidence is in her parenting style, as exhibit A being her daughter and her daughter's activity on the internet before the pandemic.
I mean, I rest my case.
that there's no more, no one should pay attention to her.
No one should be subscribed to her substack anymore.
Everybody should let go of this person and stop paying attention.
And anyone that promotes her from here on out should be instantly discredited as either not paying attention well enough or being part of this charade.
just like, I'm sorry to say, but Steve Kirsch should be in that category, Robert Malone should be in that category, Kevin McKernan should be in that category, and we need to work very hard to try and get as many people to see that they belong in that category.
They were part of the worst case scenario operation that was executed on us from the very beginning,
And they got us to believe that we were engaged in a very lively discussion about freedom and democracy and free speech.
And man, oh man, it was terrible because I bought into it just like everybody else.
And when we bought into it, we were part of that illusion of consensus because we were arguing about the same things and debating about the same questions.
And this has been going on for decades, ladies and gentlemen, make no mistake about it.
That's why on April 24th, 2020, there's still a video on YouTube of this guy telling you exactly why.
Well, we're going to need some real impressive evidence if they're going to prove it's a lab leak, because right now, basically everything
has an ancestor and so it's probably been around for 40 or 80 years and at some point there was a mutation but there was nobody sequencing it in the background because there aren't sequencing everywhere and it's the FDA.
FDA got to get out of the way.
Watch the video.
There's no other way to explain it now, now that you know that he cut his teeth at the Human Genome Project and got to take IP out of it and make millions.
This guy is in on it from the beginning, in on the controlled narrative.
And I'm afraid there are other people in on the controlled narrative as well, playing a role in this stuff.
I want to remind you that at one point in time, I really thought that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was a good guy, that maybe he was, since he was 14, trying to position himself.
to get revenge for his father and his uncle.
I've become less and less convinced of that every day, and as much as I wanted to believe in him for a while, he's never lied to my face, but his behavior in public and what the things that he says are just shocking.
This is a transmission from a couple days ago, if not a day ago, and you can see the sponsors of it.
They range from Amazon to all kinds of fake
cryptocurrencies, and now we're going to listen to him, I believe, say what they've always planned to say.
And it's disappointing that I have to do this.
I'm horrified that I have to do this, quite frankly, because I don't know where this gets me.
But this is the truth as I see it.
Please welcome to the stage today's host, Michael Casey.
Okay, this is quite a way to close out the day.
Nice to see a nice big crowd of you all here.
I don't think that our next guest needs any introduction, so I'm just gonna say please join me on stage, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Take a seat, sir.
Okay.
So, this is Coindesk.
We're a media company.
We had some news today.
So, as a good journalist, I am going to just go straight at this with a question.
Keep in mind that one of the games that they've been playing with us since we were a child, since they've been playing this game on our parents, is that they get us fired up about one particular issue, and then they have candidates that get that one particular issue right.
But they basically step on their own anatomy.
as they walk around other things.
And this trick is magnificently evident in the stance and nuance and language choice with regard to vaccines.
And then his almost incredible stance on other things and inability to see how climate change, for example,
is being used against us in a way that's just absurd and confounding that with, you know, clean water and this kind of thing, which is, of course, something that all of us believe in.
And so I've come to see it as really a magnificent, a very malevolent
sort of shtick that is not very different than what people like Bernie Sanders did to us.
And it is just all one extraordinary show.
And if you listen to his very succinct explanation to what happened to us in 2020, which I would argue, remember, there are people that wear the t-shirt that say the COVID shots are bad,
But don't ask about 2020.
Don't talk about 2020.
And here, we're going to get a very succinct explanation about what happened in 2020.
And it's pretty impressive how wrong it is.
For those who don't know, one of the candidates that Mr. Kennedy is running against was just convicted of 34 counts.
of a felony, and that is unprecedented in American political history.
So I'd be really keen to know what that means for you and how you interpret that as a factor in this race.
Well, first of all, I'd say this was probably the weakest case of the cases that people have brought against him.
I think it will, my belief is that it will end up helping President Trump.
among a large part of American public who believes that the judicial system and the enforcement system have been weaponized against politically.
And that's bad for our country.
And I think it's a mistake for the Democratic Party.
I think the Democratic Party believes that it has a candidate that can't beat President Trump and that they need to do it in the court.
And that, and I think that's bad for our country, I think it's bad for democracy, and I think it's politically gonna backfire on him.
You know, I don't, I'm not a fan of President Trump's, I'm running against him.
I'm running against him on the issues, on, you know, what he did, the debt, he ran up an $8 trillion debt, more than all of the presidents in our, from George Washington to George W. Bush combined.
He shut down our country after promising that he was going to run America like a business.
He shut down all of our businesses, 3.3 million businesses with no due process, no justice compensation, no scientific citation.
He embroiled our country in foreign wars.
He divided the division that we have in our country is now largely to him and President Biden, and it's not a good thing for our country.
And then his positions on the environment, et cetera, have been bad to me for our country.
But I think that's what the election should be about, about arguing about those issues and not trying to eliminate people.
I mean, the Democratic Party is trying to eliminate me.
Okay, so now he's going to talk about himself, and we don't really need to listen to that.
What we need to hear, of course, is that he says that it was the weakest case brought against Trump.
Presumably, there are other cases that were brought against Trump that he's trying to remind us of.
I find it very interesting.
I've been told by a couple of my friends that it's absolutely probably just going to be eaten by the Supreme Court.
It might even be
you know, a lot of justices that agree that you didn't expect to agree that what they they're doing in New York City is ridiculous, our way in New York State is ridiculous.
Now, again, I'm not a lawyer.
So whatever.
Bobby says it will help Trump and then the issues of what he did.
what he says in that thing, which I find very interesting.
He says that he increased the debt more than any other president.
I guess that would be Warp Speed and the CARES Act, right?
Is that what it was?
I mean, we have to figure that out.
I guess Warp Speed and the CARES Act.
And he said he shut down America with no evidence, no whatever, no just compensation for the businesses.
I'm not sure what the PPP program was.
There was something about payroll, something or other, but I don't remember.
But anyway, so he's blaming Donald Trump.
And I'm not gonna argue this.
I mean, obviously Donald Trump is the president.
But I remember in 2020 a very big state by state debate because it's actually the states that decide and that the federal government couldn't really close anybody down.
They could only recommend and the states had to do it.
So it seems like this is kind of a disingenuous representation of what was actually going on in the media and probably behind the scenes as well in the Trump administration.
It's very, very extraordinary, actually, that he says that he got us involved in foreign wars, which I'm not sure what he means there.
It's not very specific at all.
And then he divided the country, but the country was already divided.
I mean, I know that there are some people that really don't like Trump, but they were already really not liking Republicans.
So it's not, they just had a, somebody just adjusted the focus on their magnifying glass.
And so the point of focus got hotter.
That's it.
I don't think it necessarily changed, you know, anything about the system and then his stance on the environment.
So this is very extraordinary to me.
Because he's also seeming to take a pretty noncommittal stance on what Biden has done or hasn't done and what they did since Trump left office or didn't.
And that's also very, very extraordinary to me.
Yeah, I don't know how to say it any other way than I find that very extraordinary.
I'm going to let this play out just in case there's some more.
It's impossible for me to get on all the ballots.
I don't think that's democratic.
When I grew up in a Democratic Party, I was trying to get as many Americans as possible enfranchised, get them to vote, get them legally to vote.
And now we have a Democratic Party that's trying to disenfranchise voters and to try to
push candidates off with legal actions in the courtroom rather than the ballot box.
Let's say they succeed in doing that, what kind of country are we left with?
We're left with a country where half the people are deeply embittered and angry and feeling like they've been screwed.
And I don't think that's good for our country.
This was a jury decision, right?
This was a jury.
This was not a judge.
This was 34 counts.
It was a very rapid decision.
Do you yourself believe that the judicial system has been weaponized, or is your concern that there's a perception of this?
I think the federal agencies generally have been weaponized.
I mean, I'm being denied the Secret Service protection.
The Secret Service itself
said that i'm at a enhanced risk and you know they had they had plenty of evidence and including you know four break-ins to my house as the election occurred by people who are mentally ill people have come to my event i gotta i gotta i gotta ask though okay if you
If you say that Trump allowed the fake pandemic, at what stage would you forgive Trump for an illusion of consensus that actually included everyone?
Did you really expect Donald Trump to learn virology quick enough to know that all those executives talking about antibodies were essentially lying to him?
That all those pharmaceuticals, he should have known maybe, but Tony Fauci too, and Birx and Redfield, they all agree that there are viruses that go around the world all the time.
We don't track them, but we're tracking this one.
Could be a lab leak.
Might be the worst case scenario, a billion people are dead.
That's what Kevin McCarran said.
They were running out of oxygen.
They needed to get an oxygen generating ship to pull into New York City in order to have enough oxygen for all these people that we needed to be given high flow nasal oxygen because of their low pulse ox, according to Pierre Cory and Kyle Seidel.
I understand he's the commander-in-chief, but if I was the commander-in-chief at the time, I wouldn't have known enough virology to know that these people were lying to me.
And so I'm not absolving Trump of anything.
I'm saying that with enough traitors in the right place, there wouldn't have been anything Trump could do.
Remember, the emergency is not declared by him.
It's declared by Health and Human Services Secretary.
And so they sort of kind of take control at that stage.
And they had a guy in charge that already knew how to do that.
They had all kinds of people in place who knew how to do that.
So even if Donald Trump wanted to try and drive the car, it's possible that there were a few fake steering wheels and a few fake gas pedals that he was given before he was able to do anything meaningful.
And so to just summarize what Trump did as running up the debt, shut down America, ruining businesses, even though he promised to run America like a business, got us into foreign wars, divided the country, and has a bad reputation for the environment is a pretty disingenuous way of summarizing a terrible illusion of consensus that spread across both sides of the aisle, the red and the blue, that agreed that there was a novel virus that millions were danger from, dying from,
and needed to be saved from.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
went and spoke in Germany to tell everybody that the lockdowns were bad, the mandates were bad, the takeover of our rights was bad, but not that they would lie in order to do those things.
Not that they would have lied over a couple decades in order to accomplish those things.
No, no, no.
It's a real virus.
It's a real pandemic.
But we can't let this real pandemic allow them to invert our rights to and sovereignty to permissions.
That's a very different argument.
And that's exactly what Joe was showing, the Liberty Perspective guy, in the sense of talking about human rights.
That's what Bobby was talking about in Germany.
We all share human rights.
So I'm fighting for human rights.
And it gets very, very, very creepy if you realize that that phrase essentially is a backdoor for communism, for collectivism, the exact same stuff that the head of ethics at the NIH, Christine Grady, can only talk about.
She's never talked about Nuremberg or Helsinki or Belfort.
Never.
Oops, that should be that one.
Yep.
And I'm going to escape because it's not playing for some reason, but I think it will play now.
And I see it's 1228.
So here's the deal.
I'm going to do this tomorrow, I guess.
The plan.
The plan was to cover everybody's good buddy Malik on a podcast in 2024, because I want to see how he presents himself on other podcasts, his story, and how he explains what he did in 2020.
Because again, I have the feeling that there are a lot of people that have been put in front of us by design who really don't want you to think about what they were up to in 2020 or what any of these other characters were up to in 2020.
And so I want to see what Malik has learned.
I want to see what he's learned since he had all of these brilliant people on his podcast.
He must have a pretty well-developed understanding of what's going on with regard to this, you know, Scooby-Doo mystery and all these liars.
I'm sure it's going to be very insightful, but I'm not going to do that right now because I think it's important for me also to
help my wife with this stuff at home.
So I've already promised to do that.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is very, very few things that are more dishonorable than misleading the young.
I believe these people and others willfully and unwillingly and wittingly and unwittingly and knowingly and unbeknownst to them
are participating in this misleading of our young people.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'll be on again tomorrow, I think at 10 o'clock, and we'll do that follow-up thing and maybe a couple other random samples.
We got to keep the pressure up, so I think we're going to start doing a Saturday show for a few weeks.
It's possible that I'll
I'll balk on that only because, again, Saturday's a family day for us, Sunday's a family day for us, but the schedule of everybody else on Sunday makes it easier than Saturday.
It's not a Sabbath thing.
I would like to take one weekend day off for my kids and for my wife.
But sometimes we've got to put a little more pressure, so I think I can find an hour to do that study hall tomorrow.
So thank you very much for joining me.
If you like what you see, please share the stream.
You can share it from stream.gigaohm.bio.
That also shows up in Twitter as an embedded video, so it's a good way to share it on Twitter.
It's much better than sharing
The twitch stream which will actually not gets won't circulate on Twitter because it's a it's a link that leaves the platform Whereas stream dot giga home dot bio and those links don't leave Twitter and so then Twitter likes those better So one of the benefits of sharing from that is to share from there and if you want to support my work like so many people
I don't even know what to say to some of you that have stepped up.
You can go to gigoandbiological.com and we really appreciate it.
Thank you very much.